[Laughter]
[Music]
[Laughter] [Music
]
[Music]
[ __ ]
for me
[Music]
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
a kiss family How are you? Well,
I hope you're having a fabulous
weekend
in Seville, a little bit with the premiere of
telesalseo, let's see the telesalseo thing because
today was very late for telesalseo and it was
very late for me, but that's
normally going to be the Well, I'm going to
try it, I'm going to try that program, that
idea to review the news, it's a
recorded video but it's going to be broadcast
live on Fridays, basically okay
But that's for your honor, I don't know
why there are people getting confused,
Javi, but here it goes, there we'll see This
is for kids,
this is for kids,
there they're interested in SEO, well, those are their
honorable things, what happens is that it's
true that it had to be at 10 and at
1 It's not at 1 it's not a good idea at
one is not a good idea But well There
we are What's up How are we What are you doing What are you
doing Javi I love you nen very good
the video of ibai that Javi shared very
good video very good video What
good hair I'm glad I'm glad you
like my hair the truth is I'm glad
you like my hair Thank you very much
Javi I see you Just like yesterday the new camera I
see you Just like yesterday and the new camera
Well let's see the new camera I will
order it when it is finished dying
which will surely be in this live
because I wanted to record a video now to
record of to record of Javier I have been
paid 28 times Hey will it be the camera
or will it be the Camp link
it could be the can link or it could even
be the HDMI cable I would have to it would be
good to try it before buying the camera it
will be good to check it I don't know I can still
hold out a lot because that is going to explode it is going to
explode at any moment
Javi mayonnaise is an instrument I
can't eat mayonnaise right now
this week I'm going to this week I'm
going to give my diet a hard time I could already start
adding new things but
this  week well not this week
exactly
very good Santiago very good Santiago look
what Santiago Javi has posted people
complain a lot about the camera but they don't
become members here what happens is that if
people don't give super chat and they don't become
members the live show crashes You already saw it
yesterday by the way By the way
By the way let's see now How many
members are there I'm
going to give the diet a go I'm going to
put her on a diet and I'm going to talk to Lorena and we're going to
put the diet on strict again from
today until next
Monday now not next
Monday because next Monday I'm leaving
feel on Monday I disappear family and I do
n't know when I'll see hair again
eye
eye eh name I'm not leaving but you already know
that I'm not disconnecting You
already spoke to Dallas about
Lonelli no Dante no it's
been a few days since I spoke to him
greetings from Houston TX a kiss Lázaro
Well yes he talks to some things some
critics but no You already spoke to Dallas
about Lonely but I haven't told him
that I didn't remember
gink Go let's see I'm going to check the
members thing and I'm going to update the bar
before starting  with today's live I'm
not
going to see the members thing I'm going to
update the bar
how much do you contribute as a member
how much do you contribute that We have reached as a
member I say that we have passed
2000 Because if yesterday more or less they were
these and they were given away I think it was 300 I
don't remember I think it was 300
members it wasn't an outrage
you go and everything will happen as always let's
see this time I'm going to try Even if
I'm traveling I'll try not to
disconnect
2056 members
2056 members let's update this
Bar
2056 members
Even if I'm traveling I'm going to take the
laptop all the whole wave Okay and I'm going to I'm going to be
active I'm going to be
active I'll be uploading
videos with my mobile what I won't do are
the live shows I'll only do the one I
do with Marina on telesalseo
more videos news Okay and stuff like that what I
laughed last night With what Pili that
you laughed with the members
that people went crazy no let's
see I gave him the residu and I set it to
zero it's
not possible  edit I mean we have to do it
again, I don't know why this isn't
updating properly, but anyway, I'm going to
put it again wait, I'm going to
put it again the goal Now it's going to be
3000 the
goal is now 3000 and we said we
're
let's put it
your body
let's put it by the end of the year do
you think we'd make it by the end of the year watch out
2056 members something quite
important
Put it in rice No, I'm the camera isn't
working we'll kick it a couple of times and I'll buy the one I want
and I'll buy the one I want with what you gave me yesterday but I'm going to wait for it to finish dying Cruz Cruz lesito a cruel kiss a kiss I don't know if I'm going to wait for it to finish dying or I'm going to try because if it's the can link yes I bought the can link
in PC capable component and they change it for me I
don't
tell them it's defective and they give me a
new one no
because that will be under warranty yet
no Yaco that's not in Europe yet
The Pique was amazing Yes the truth is
that sincerely what I tell you we want HD
let's see I like this camera I mean  I
like how it looks I don't know if the one I
want, the one with the cat, will look better
or the same, it will
probably look similar
to see, it already looks good, right? So let's
see what is true is that the cat
will most likely focus better, it will
be more HD, no, maybe not,
try changing the can link and the cable
first, yes. The
thing is that changing the cam
link, yes, despite the component, it doesn't give you
any problems, what happens is that of course you have to
send it back, they send it back to you
and you spend one or two weeks without can link, I
would have to do it when Hey, I could
do it when I go on vacation now
while I go on vacation Master
Thank you very much, I'll
put the Logitech in the meantime, which doesn't
look bad,
which one is the cat, which cat, the camera that
I want is the cat one, which is the
latest one that came out. It's that, This is
a camera that has the cambling with the
cable and the battery cable and all the
stuff and I don't, I didn't
like that very much, to be honest, Roman.
Thank you very much. How it looks, beautiful. Thank you very much.
The TV is off because I haven't
turned anything on today.  I mean, I haven't turned
anything on, it doesn't matter. I just got back from around
there. I
wouldn't bet much on a Webcam, a
better camera for the quality. Well,
Lázaro, that's precisely what I
was saying, I didn't
like having an external camera there, I have
a Webcam for what I do, a
Webcam there you don't have to be
with so many cables, it's just the cable
that goes to the computer, it's a pain, not so
many problems. Now,
now it's broken, now it's
broken and maybe the camera,
maybe the link or maybe the cable.
Now I have them all, trying everything.
No. David Santos is commenting on
Coscua right now and what is
Luello saying, let's listen to him even if he doesn't upload
the extract, it
tasted very straight, the serious thing about
utbh,
I'm not subscribed
to tapas until dinner, new Cruzcampo,
tremendous flavor with half the alcohol.
Borja, a kiss, he's been putting up with me
on WhatsApp for a long time.
Borja, he's been putting
up with me for a long time. Rey, you keep
paying with coins, I
can't watch your live streams but I do
see the replays and my contribution for the
late camera.
[Music]
directly
in his last video he sort of exposed
private conversations he'd had
with different people
but jealous why
Who is he how was the call
he said well well let's see that's your
version here in the chat it seems there are
other versions So to get an
idea what I'm going to do is
be as shameless as almost all of
them
three hours of live ahead of me okay let's
say he's an expert on all this
controversy but I'm somewhat I'm quite
informed with this I mean That's the thing
Okay and then okay Well I mean I mean there
may be some detail
That I may have missed
but in the context let's say
bar So nothing and how do you think
all this
controversy is going to end a straight white guy
accusing him of very serious things
very serious things because come on and he says
that they come to accuse him of things like that
[Music]
legal storm against them so because of
the severity but come on I
think that utbh I don't know or he will answer him or he will
ignore him on purpose he will answer him
I was a very toxic friend
[Music]
with him  that you shouldn't be
related in my opinion you would feel
bad if a white guy made a video, listen to him
because the man is not
mentioned once and he already
sets up an incredible conspiracy plot.
Well, who is on the
phone? Well,
nothing, let's hear other
versions, okay. Okay, look, he's
writing to me, Dallas is writing to me, I
'm giving him your phone number,
okay
[Applause] it
's a youtuber who's talking to
David
[Laughs]
[ __ ] days like today I swear It's true
that I have a [ __ ] great time here.
Okay, let's see another version of what I'm
sorry but I don't agree
this time with 2 for 5, okay.
Well, if you want to call him, David invites
Javier Olivera, the live stream that is
reacting to your live. Hello, Javi, he is
reacting to my live stream, if you want to
come in and tell us what happened
because I have no [ __ ] idea what
happened and more than anything to put myself
in context because I have been
reading these things for a few days and now I see this
controversy that is going to break out here from a
whole white guy if you are here and you don't
want to and me
you want to tell man if not then call me Yoli come on me come on man Now I'm telling you it's true that he's here where I call you Javi man But you're live you can't come in here I can't invite you and you come in here on
Twitch of all you have my
phone number Javi you can call me on my cell phone
now I've just started Ah call me on my
cell phone if you want
18 11 Thank you very much
The king of gossip has arrived Or I can
invite you and you come up here as you as you
prefer but come on if not call me
on the phone you have my phone number man
if you want call me there to see
silence here I look for David
and I'll call him
What's up dude How are you What are you doing
here, [ __ ], getting into your plot man that's what I was
going to tell you I'm calling to tell you to be
careful That there's copyright here eh
What do you mean there's copyright no no calm down
about
Irene Montero and all this that I
don't touch you no no no no no I don't understand these
things today I made the
criticism because she's jealous
of what  that we have to play here But hey, it's okay,
you don't put it into
context, no, I'm not getting into your territory
Javi, my thing is politics and these things.
I was just starting the live stream and they
told me that David Santo is live right now giving his
opinion on the subject and I said,
well, I'm going to go in to see what's
up, but no, it didn't reach your
opinion on the subject. No, I haven't given my opinion on the
subject because I don't know what
happened, putting it into context and that you're
doing an extensible. No,
yes, I'm doing an extensible, well,
I have three hours and a bit left, you have
four left. Have you looked?
No, no, because it's a maximum of 6 hours, everything
else is free tips, maximum 6 hours.
That's the [ __ ] of extensible that you
do
any day
so if you want,
you can make the most of it very well. Not me, man. Well,
nothing,
you're on another level, you're on another level, man. I
saturate myself, I mean, I talk about a lot of
[ __ ]. You have fun, dude. I
saturate myself, man. There, there it came out a little. Well, let's see, I
came out. Let's see. I don't think it will
transcend. I was there asking if you
think that, let's see. I don't  I think it will cross I do
n't know if Sergio will answer the Twitter
Dallas
But I don't think so I mean do you think
Sergio will do well maybe he will do an
excerpt of this live maybe
but Dallas I don't think so I mean I do
n't go to a video with Sergio to see
to see I mean I
think a white guy is going
to answer him an excerpt from live no
Yes I think he is going to answer him I think he is
going to answer him and we will be left Look at
what has happened here but seeing the
development of the two people like the
little that I see because I don't consume much
material especially from Dallas and such I
think that a lancotero guy is going to
answer him okay And then Dallas is
going to dedicate a video to him And then
when the controversy is about to explode I think
that a whole white guy will go from
more controversy No, well I think that I
think that you see there will be an
excerpt regarding the tweet I imagine it is
not worth much I am but
well maybe for an excerpt from
live but Dallas a video to utbh
mention it Maybe in passing in a
video that makes the subject of the whole roll
this  of evenings and such if he makes any
more videos mention it put it in the batch
there already Yeah surely of course there it may or
may not eh Or maybe not I think not I
think not
Well but anyways could you
tell me So a little bit above what
has happened or rather well let's see this the
context the most summarized I can
tell you let's see answer This is a guy a
streamer that apparently in his country is
one of the top okay I don't know him
much I don't know if he's a good guy bad
guy I don't know anything about him okay I have
seen some things some
ways okay
with his colleagues and some ways of
expressing himself and such that I personally have
not found very funny okay there is
this the facts that are being
brought out about him are from a
few years ago and they have been brought out well
This is not new this has been brought
out from time to time at
least once a year every time he has
gone viral with something they bring up the
subject Even in his country he has been on
TV on several occasions it was news and
so on and the facts were
beginning  I mean the main thing that
became news was that he's having sex
with a girl at his house at night the
girl gets carried away with drinking
apparently she falls unconscious the girl
is unconscious in her house and he
uncovers her and takes a picture of her, I mean it's
a selfie sort of making fun of her he
sends it to his friends and the photo
somehow ends up leaked he says that his
friends' phone breaks down or I do
n't know how but the photo ends up leaked the
fact is that he takes the photo and leaks it
okay
then apart from the issue of the photo
itself which
is already a bit strong the photo itself
was a bit strong when the subject goes viral more it
turns out that people recover
because he had done
live on several occasions talking about
that night okay and he told it in another
way he said that he took the photo
to send the photo to a friend so
that he would give him advice on what to do with
the girls and he took her to the hospital I don't
know some move like that no
the face he has when he's
taking the photos it's not clear the photo
making fun no no but apart from the photos
making fun and he had to win her  friends so that
he leaks the photo eh what [ __ ]
that photo is not asking him Hey what Hey
Give me some advice, I mean but apart from that you
can write to him Imagine that something happens to you you
want to ask a friend Well there's
no need to send him a
photo, damn it Hey I have this
situation what do I do I call 11 I don't know
another other attitude But well The thing
is that I already had him take the photo it's already [ __ ] cool
because the girl is
unconscious you know so that's a piece of cake
because apparently he had her covered up in
a bed according to him and he sends the photo to his
friend I mean the photo is for what it is that's
already very clear and what happens is that
when it The more
the subject has gone viral they recover The live
from that night well that night not
after having sex with her in the early morning at
7 8 in the morning he does a live
playing LoL and the girl starts to
wake her up to kick her out of the house
because she wants to play LoL I don't know
what thing and he starts to wake her up the
thing is the he starts talking  with the
girls he's making fun of her he's
kicking her out of the house and so on he's
laughing at her in front of his
viewers Okay and he's
telling her things about sex that they've had of
course the girl the girl is
waking up the girl knows that she's had
sex with him because she went to his house
to have sex but of course she gets
up there you assume that you've had sex
But then when he's telling her
things she doesn't remember he's saying
[ __ ] he grabbed my arm and you said
same Help I don't know something like that no And the
girl
talking about that live that live that is
a live that erases her but
people have recovered it that is the live
from that morning but what does she do man of course
I do not agree with
Sergio's opinion with all due respect I have not
said anything to him because I do not care
everyone has their opinion I do not have
reason to be right no one who has my
opinion But [ __ ] ask any
lawyer you
know that is not because there are many people
who are saying that
that is a crime of these of
contracting intimacy touch a crime
against privacy is you Imagine that
you  you send a nude okay
And I take the nude and send it to other
people there it is a crime against
privacy or you sleep with someone and
you take pictures and then you send them there
but of course the girl is
unconscious and he says in the live that
he left her covered up so it is
understood that for the photo he uncovers her
[ __ ] well And then he throws her out of the house
yeah I don't know if he gives her a taxi or something like that
you know I don't know if the question
was something like that But anyway what am I
telling you I mean you know that I
am more cautious in these things and in the
end I don't put labels but I do not
agree with Sergio
after this in the controversy or rather what
Dallas reports is that
after doing that this guy is invited to a
gala of course
the controversy has come out many times in
fact Dallas did not bring this out because
of the evening Dallas already brought this out
two years ago somewhere he made a video
about the subject
that in fact he was banned they
took away the Twitter panel that can
make videos of suspicion or that it was
because  he messed with ario that it was because
or because he got this from this one it is not known
But well that Dallas already talked about it in
his day what happens with Caro suddenly he was going to
go announces the evening and the fight the
protagonist is this boy So in the
end I do not know what you will think
my opinion no I do not know what education
the boy had how he was raised if he
has normalized certain
behaviors and has not realized
the crushing the crushing to no one ever no
the crushing Behind him and the whole thing
never yes it is true that the boy no does
not recognize it He does not ask for forgiveness says that he is
going to talk but he never ends up
denying it he never says anything you know but
the crushing of a person never but I would
not make him the protagonist in an
event like that I mean me and the girl says that the
girl has a good relationship with him the
girl has spoken again has spoken something
similar nowhere are lies that
is a mantra
the girl has never said anything and it is not going to
end the girl has never come out the
girl never came out anywhere it is
like a mantra no the girl already came out and what  He
clarified And where is that, it is not, that does not
exist, nor has she been reported or anything, no,
no, the girl does not report it nor do I think
he does. At one point he said that he spoke
with her and that either with her or she knows what I'm
telling you, but well, let's see,
anyway, I don't care, I mean, I have my
opinion regarding that, that he had not
labeled it, but no, I don't consider it, let's see, you
can ask him if you know a
lawyer or whatever, he's going to tell you that,
man, I'm not going to label it in
Spain at the moment, I mean,
at the moment in Spain. Well, I don't know, let's see,
I compare it a lot with the case
of Big Brother, although it is not the same, it is a
different situation, it occurs in another way.
Look at the case of Big Brother, for example,
the boy slept
with that girl every night in the house, she was his partner
inside the house. I
mean, the girl slept with her and they [ __ ]
every night and they were a couple, you know,
to spend that night the girl, well,
the drink sat badly with her because she had little
food and when the boy is with
roseteos because it is not proven that it was
penetration, but at least what is
proven at least is  roseteos
like a blow-up doll he uses her
like a blow-up doll he passes the
sentence
the girl is unconscious from the alcohol
Okay then the boy is sentenced you
understand Then I, I haven't ticketed him
yet because I, you know, I'm
more cautious and apart from that in each country I've
called a way the laws
change many times a year now for
example in Montero
the law recently changed and a thousand rapists have come
out you know So I, I don't know in
which category to put him But
okay okay
And there the reason there the move is that
all the streamers have condemned things
all the streamers that are out there
ibai himself have condemned
minor things nonsense for example he kicked
people out of his team because
a guy had liked photos of girls in
thongs that are Yeah yes he organized a contest
for like a casting to get people
for his team and
people realized that the guy liked photos
of these girls who upload photos to
get likes you know and that he found it
unfortunate you know So yes the double
Mo that this type of people always have like that
no that some things seem very
very bad to him and  others are forgiven and such
No, of course, that's what I'm telling you, I don't
agree, seriously But well, the
issue is not personal to me nor do I care, so
everyone can have their opinion, whatever they want.
Personally, I was going and he invited me to the
event and I said no because I
see it as trying, no, in some way,
La Movida, let's see, I don't know. I don't know,
man, these are the moves of the
Two Great streamers, man, what do you have there? I don't know, let's
see if I invite you to the event and such, of
course, if it had been, you would have
approved, then the
protagonist of the night would have been this coscu.
No, I see it that way. Well, if he was born. Well,
look, he has a beginning. Well, we
all know. Let's
stop with the nonsense. That
if you're in Ibai's circle, you're going to
have more views and you're going to have
more reach, I mean, this is how it is, that's why a
lot of them will stick to this one too and they will
shut up and they won't say anything because they
prefer to put their career before,
let's say, as content creators,
their own principles, and then what they
do is denounce
everyone who has a comment
unfortunate or let's go without going any further I
don't see that she was going to invite
any streamer who is for example
openly anti-feminist or whatever
the move But it has been wonderful
because as the week has gone by
before the evening
for example Cristinini has not
been the presenter okay Cristi Nini
has said for example in her live shows
many times that she had bought a
designer bag but that she did
not want to wear it because she had
found out that the designer had
very sexist attitudes Okay and that she did not
want to wear the bag then later she has
started to criticize a lot of times that there are
many [ __ ] in this world
but that you have to be within the
wheel because if you get out of the wheel you
are not in the environment of these people and
now they ask her about a live show and she gets
angry
and now I caught the presenter dude But
look, this works like life itself
Life is like that too people surround themselves
people who are successful surround themselves with people who like them
and they stand there and applaud
everything and forgive well in order to have
visibility then surely more than
one  will support the other but well
as the pasta more than
visibility commands in a certain way I
also understand it eh Because if you
professionally dedicate yourself to this and you
earn tens of thousands of euros or
dollars for such and such Well then take
some contradiction or another and not
comment and such for the couple of being there
people who don't need it Eh Well you
say tens of thousands of dollars no there
are people who earn hundreds of thousands a
month
for the concerts of thousands well you don't
need them Javi but if you stop earning it it
would also be a [ __ ] let's
see that I understand the principles
the principles but the main ones if
you consider if you consider that you're going to
stop earning it if you don't work with
these things that you don't consider yourself a
content creator nipollas no I mean
you consider yourself that you have to be
there sucking no I mean
obviously I don't know the content that
these people wanted sincerely I don't know
what they do I don't know if games and then to
comment on their moves and their things and such and
to fight between each other
basically I think that's what it's about but of
course let's see one  has some principles
but when you see that you have so much
money coming in that you are so relevant
that you are there let's say in the circle of
the most top and such, well in the end
important wants to make that move and you do
n't want to lose those privileges nor do you want to lose your position therefore it is very easy to denounce a smaller content creator a more irrelevant person and such that at the same time you are removing competition and it's like you don't let someone who is also there in
the circle of the most important get close to denouncing
So in the end Well there are many people
who keep quiet that's why it's like life That
happens in all areas of life
that I am not justifying it or
telling myself you for example of course here we
are assuming that whoever says
for example like me I told him was going and
look I appreciate the invitation that he has
never invited me By the way or so it
makes it very suspicious too but I
told him I appreciate the I appreciate the
invitation but for obvious reasons in
these to this specific event the
truth is that no I am not going to attend or I mean
we are assuming that yes that
anyone who rejects the  invitation
no Or say I'm not going while
this is going on no I was going there he's going to close the
door we're not taking that for granted
man of course evidently
I take it for granted Of course yes no It
should be Well he says well Okay well You're
not coming well for the next one no Or I
think that if for example three or four
imagine a Germán three four So
whether they are more or less powerful you know they
would have taken a step forward Hey Well
look I'm not going for this
There it goes and if I had seen in a
situation that we'll see if he closes the door
or does what he knows
well I don't know
ibai very well either And such But what I do see is that he
is a very politically
correct person and that if there is let's say debate
about this and that many people let's say
are against coscu for example
maybe I'll take a step back and
next year or in a while he says look I was
wrong right people are not capable I was
wrong maybe I shouldn't have
invited him Look, look, for
example Javier Oliveira well eh there have
been people who have not gone eh I mean
of gossip channels The only one invited
everyone and the only one was the south east guy
and there were more people who didn't go I don't
know if for the same reasons or for another
but the fact is that from what can be
understood every time they talk or have given
some hint they are all against
what that kid has done, I mean and they
all think, I mean the majority at
least of those who have spoken out on
the subject think that
obviously this kid shouldn't have been
put in the evening or as the
protagonist much less but it happens is
that they go you know how you are against it but you
swallow it already but but they go because how the [ __ ] it
is as if it were the Oscars gala and
the actors are not going ahead anymore
How are they going to miss it Well that's where they are going to
go is that the bad thing about being so
politically correct and the bad thing about going
around making value judgments about
people and pointing fingers at people is that
in the end the day you least expect it you are going to have to
swallow
contradictions And that is what happens
to these people it is like that
But well
now it has become much clearer to me neither  I
want to steal a lot more time
what do you think
than what I think Well let's see, honestly I think I think that
first this guy
should publicly apologize and
spend let's say Well, some time purging
his sins what do you want me to say and
then based on that, see if
his behavior has changed, right? And
from there, maybe we can wipe the
slate clean in terms of seeing what he did, the
truth is that it's very bad, I mean, the
signs of seeing it are in one, I don't know,
strutting about having been with a
girl who didn't even remember what she had been
doing either It's
true that you're telling me that
the girl had voluntarily gone to the
house maybe she went overboard with
alcohol and such And she didn't remember what had
happened but it's not necessary to
take a picture of you and then send it to your
friends and it was treated as humiliating as you
're telling me, not what was heard
when he did the live So,
honestly I don't know if I'm as
puritanical and as politically correct
as these people are and I dedicate myself to pointing out
others for
scientific behavior or  migrant against
women Well, I sincerely see it as
a contradiction that you invite this guy,
silly, right, I'm telling you sincerely.
Look, for example, a situation happened to me
once not long ago,
this is a scoop, Javi, gossip.
I went out partying a long time ago, I
think it was before the pandemic and
such, and we were there and I met two
girls, okay, I was with two girls,
okay, so we were there dancing all
night, the three of us, and such.
But the two girls, in principle, we
had agreed that we were going to leave, okay, they
got so extremely drunk that what I
did, I'm telling you the truth,
and not to look good, what I did was that I
put them in a taxi and I said, come on
girls, see you later, I'm not going with
you. They insisted that I
go with them, but I wasn't going, I didn't
go with them. I
told the
guy in the taxi the address and she went
home and I've never seen them
again in my life Because it's that I'm not
going to a house because I
was also drunk, eh, I was
very blind too but you say that I
wake up the next day there and the girl does
n't remember one of the two or she tells
me some story some
strange thing honestly to have a good
time I think it's not worth
exposing you to that kind of things You know No the
truth of a lifetime You've gone out to
party and you sleep with someone and you're
drunk and the girl too and you know but that's where of
course people tell you No
but then what happens in the towns
Javi was vomiting exactly
I think you shouldn't go with a meter
to measure blood alcohol Yes what
you already have a little bit of a
forehead as far as you can where you can't
It's simply that but it's
between Chaca he's telling me but the
girl went there She was already drunk but it doesn't matter
but if she was already drunk
and there suddenly she got sick she got
too bad
the attitude to take is different Hey in the
end no no
because even if she's drunk she's
predisposed to do what she's going to do
because it's true she's predisposed But there's
a moment since if you're in a
situation that you're in  my unconscious
you are unconscious I mean you have to
stop there I mean you don't have to
do absolutely anything I mean no you
can't cross that line honestly the
truth because even if you go
drunk too I mean one thing is that you
both go drunk we all went
drunk and all okay but great very well
you go drunk and you end up with a
drunk girl in bed that has happened to
all of us okay but another thing is that the
person specifically the girl well is
already semi unconscious that doesn't even know
where she is vomiting besides it is
antierotic man I mean
sleeping with a girl that is
unconscious that doesn't even know where she is that she is
with her consciousness lost I mean she
is vomiting and everything I mean
but what does she do and then take a picture
strutting like look what I did I do
n't know man I think that maybe Maybe
I made a mistake and all and I
should apologize publicly
acknowledge that what he did was wrong and
based on that then whoever
wanted to forgive what Forgive him what I'm
telling you I mean that's what you do you ca
n't go back to the past  We would have to
see what attitudes the guy has Because
then a girl also came out saying
that he had groped her at an
event
without consent and it made her uncomfortable. I
did a streamer in which she was telling it, she
was telling it to several people, she was
telling it to her friends, she told them Dalas told it to him
several times
live Without giving her name because she said she did
n't want to give her name so that they wouldn't
close the door on her but the girls
told it okay Well, I was at an
event he sat on mine he put his
hand in here he tried to grab my
papayota and and Well but but the girl
said it with her face uncovered the girl said it with her
face uncovered but without destination
Well
if there are no photos and such Javi and I no no but
the girl of course the girl's word
against his but what I was
going to tell you about this was that
the local dalo with a video okay because she
told him and he Dallas [ __ ] and
crazy with a video the girl had
told it and had told a
lot of friends and  a lot of
live streamers without saying names
but privately their friends will have
told her if it is going to be told Dalas has
told the name and when Dallas
makes it public the girl starts to
minimize it starts to say No but that's not how it was it wasn't that
bad I don't know what she knows
How to [ __ ] [ __ ]
[Music]
the fear of having to keep
certain things quiet not so that they don't close
doors on you man that's what I'm
telling you that we are not judges nor
are we the police nor are we the
civil guard but I who leaves it his
way he with his community
falls into disgrace and people start to
denounce him all these who allow him or
laugh at his jokes or who justify him in a
certain way
no or if everything explodes Imagine that
suddenly I know that suddenly it starts to
appear in the media or suddenly the
brands start to withdraw from the program
device any mobile and me because on
TV they have fired people for less and they have
lost advertisers programs for
much less and it's like of course the whole
world of streamers is different
But if suddenly everything explodes
suddenly we are going to  see a lot of these
youtubers who have gone to the event like that, I don't
know if it's a surprise to me, like no, you
have to be there then
to hit him hard. No, of course, for me it's
content in the end, which is what I've
told you, I mean, for example, with the one
below, giving your opinion on the controversy
between Six and Dallas, for example, here I do
n't know if maybe Sergio has all the
information right or not. I don't
agree with him. Hey, maybe he
interprets it like that, well, okay. I don't
interpret it the same way and I respect
everyone's opinion and that's it. You know, it gives me
the impression that maybe I don't know if they
had a good relationship or not, maybe they have
n't had a good relationship for a long time
because I see it, I mean, I see it, a crisis
started there, like he didn't want to go
in, and then he went crazy and got
carried away, that's where it started and he
left it fine, I mean, he left it fine. Well,
I think this is going to have a tail. I think it's
going to have a tail. I think
not. I think on the part of the heel. No, it's not
the target in the end. These are
gossip views, this moves
people.
controversy and it translates into money and I
think that they are going to get a little carried away
by that and then well they will stop because
as always every time there is a
controversy with you white heterosexual with
someone who is entangled and then in the
end he said Look, I've reached this point, I'm done,
I'm saturated and I don't want to know anything
about you and the other one. Well maybe it has
continued alone or already
or some who never end the
controversy that there are some there are
some who never end it
Well,
you are doing very well but [ __ ] It is still
sensitive, really, that crap about
the 6 hours, come on, I was thinking
here 15 hours 16 hours it's already exhausted
no no no I, I can do 12 or 24 hours
but that has to be capitalized
previously before the extendable one
that they are already here they already
know how it works But that has that,
that has to play a role and I have done it,
I am that of 24 hours I carry the
children, I can't, well I can't, we
are already, well I am done with 24 I
would have to organize myself, I would have to
organize myself, of course, leave me alone with the
child, I mean, the children  dog and everything
comes out the whole thing you have to collaborate at
home so preparing it I think it
could Maybe 24 hours but maybe
extendable imagine without a limit of
course that is more complicated for me
for a family man that's why I tell you
if people want me to be there 24 hours we
negotiate it you pay me I prepare
well like 12 12
and then I do it like Cool
We hope there are times when let's see if it
's really like a kind of excuse
also in case we don't make it to 6 hours
or maybe I arrive for half an hour an hour
and that's it and I don't do anything and I rest
and the next day I do something but if
these live shows go well like this then tomorrow
man It's that I stopped broadcasting on YouTube a
long, long time ago because things were
really bad for me and now things weren't bad for me because of
the String connection
5000 people when you're there with him not
when I do it with Raúl yes we reach
4000 and something five thousand when I was
alone on YouTube Maybe I had 120 0
well between the two  platforms reached
1700 1800 peaks 1900 1500 1600 but I
couldn't multistream because I had problems
with the Stream lab it was cutting out fatally
but I don't know why now I'm
doing it on Kick I'm doing it on
Twitch And I'm also starting to do it a bit
from time to time on YouTube
but I'm paranoid that if I upload a
fragment of a live stream and then I do a live
stream, the reach will be cut off. I
leave everything, I leave the
entire live stream then the extracts then also
another edited one
since whatever has to fall falls
man yes it's true that if they upload 28
a
day the views go down But in the end you don't care, they're the ones I have the total for the month already Yeah yes Well no yes I'm already starting to do it because I downloaded another Well an application I haven't signed up for a trial in
String okay you can do multi
Stream and I've paid for a trial month and it works
like a charm here yes I can multistream
perfectly
[Music] you
put it there next to where you want to
broadcast separately and it does it and we go  right now it's
going well for me but with the obs
with the Stream it's not worth it with the
Stream audio no the String light which is very
bad the String
lapse is
very bad Ah this is the one that gives me
problems but it is very bad very bad it
is very bad man it cuts out on me it's
going to be fatal
the normal obs you
put the plugin and there I do it
everywhere if you don't want to pay but
man it has already been paid take advantage of it
yes I have paid it but come on I think I do
n't know I think I'm going to pay it
How you can tell how you can tell that
we are at a certain age eh we are the most
mature on YouTube of yours and we put a
little order eh man please [ __ ] we are
already becoming old
kids on Twitter no what I had no
yesterday with what with what this one commented
about what happened to you with him Yes yes yes with this
moderator who the only merit he has
done in his life is being a moderator of a
big streamer totally
but
in his mind that I that type of joke
really we don't know I am very boomy There will be
people but it's that the kids
understand it It's not that you don't understand
humor I say no  you understand humor no no they
weren't born when in Spain people
suffered that do
n't understand it's humor it's humor until they
make jokes about things that offend
them You know these are the same ones the
same ones that you put in the cry in the sky
when talking about the victims of the
civil war by the republican side
and you have to see I don't know what and a
joke like that is made but they are the first ones that
make a joke about all that But you know the
worst of all Javi these people make these
types of jokes not because it
's actually dark humor I don't say that word here
because let's see me in private Well you
know you know me and I don't have a filter and I
say outrageous things and it doesn't matter to me I do
n't have it here in public because they
ban me not because people
don't tell you seriously eh I mean and I don't care about
people I don't think that anymore they would
n't be alarmed by what I
could say I assure you but that but that they
are like that because in reality
they believe believe and they justify what
this terrorist group did because it
was an anti-fascist fight that's what
made us a  Real psychopaths, I mean,
they make jokes about Ortega Lara, man, according to
someone who was
locked up in a hole for 500 or so days, they make jokes like that, that's
not humor, man, that
's because I'm actually laughing because they find it funny because that's how they are, well, they
're some
[ __ ] sectarians. The thing is, those
jokes are allowed but when you make
jokes about them, then you start
screaming to the heavens that you're a
fascist, you're a fascist and I'm already getting
heated up in fact, I've
seen him, I've seen them cry
because a drone made a video of how
his physique was laughing.
What a little kid, you laugh about physics if you
make jokes about fat, spiny people.
Then he starts crying exactly
the subject what is it that offends you and what is it that
doesn't, well, for example, what have
the people on
TV done for making jokes about ETA, eh,
normal man,
well, King Stay, I'll entertain you more,
good luck, you
have to talk to me about the guy who
hasn't forgotten  completely as if
the application closes I can't I can't get
in it's because my code has been deleted
and what does it mean that you have the
computer on that you told me
the other day no no no no no no no you
know this is saved there by the cookies
the session stays open but if
one of these nervous systems hits you that sometimes You
know that it closes your session Or something I ca
n't get into the account anymore I mean it won't
work because it asks me for this double factor
and my phone number is deleted Tomorrow
without fail I'll tell you so they can
contact you because he's a nice guy
very nice a hug dude Javi Goodbye
dude Good luck Have a good
night to you too dude See you later
bye bye
I'm going to get the bottle of water
while you guys hit the Like button how based
is David Hey I'm going to get the bottle
of water I'm going to get the bottle of
cold water that I know while you guys
hit the like button And we start with
the topics
Javi should have caught it I was
single we would have hit each other good
parties Okay, good healthy party. Uh, good,
to see it now
this is a little clearer to me and what I'm
telling you, I don't understand how there are people
who go
off with a person who is in one. I
say this sincerely, I don't understand
how there are people, I don't understand how there are
people who can put themselves in the situation that I do
n't know how to sleep with a person who
is semi-unconscious or who is completely
wasted. I'm not trying to flatter myself, I mean, I'm
really saying this, I'm not trying to
flatter myself or anything like that. I already told you
what happened to me once with a girl that
I was meeting and I sent her out to
buy some tobacco and I ran away. I ran
away and left her there lying there. But
because it came to me in a way that,
[ __ ], let's see, I like to be
with a woman, I like to be with a
woman. And what do you think? Maybe it
happened between utbh and Dallas. I think
not. I think not. I
think it won't go very far. What happened? What did he say?
A kiss. What happened? What did he
say? You're
laughing in the chat? What did he say
while?  that I wasn't there has
said something strong about this
of the has said something of the things has not
done some of his things no
Okay guys follow David Santo
well let's see we have several topics
I I would
say that I think it's more than
obvious
forgive me come back I activate the
notifications again that you start
talking to me when I'm on a call I can't
Hi Javi I've been following you for years
and I really like your content
Here is my contribution for the camera Thank you very much thank you
very much and continue
donating for the camera in the end I'm going to
buy a camera but a television one
and the worst thing is that I'm going to wait for it
until I die I've already told you I mean do
n't think that I'm going to run out
tomorrow for the camera I mean
I'll take the camera and I'm going to buy the one I
want thanks to you but I'm going to
wait until it dies What happens is that if you
continue if you continue if you continue contributing
for the camera that in the end I'm going to
buy one of these television ones with
the pompom mic not like Ari
no where she wears these
furry pompoms Like that  no we're going to talk about
her now because of the controversy that there is
now when she returned to Mexico it
turns out that she commented she commented
about the rivers of Spain and the controversy
that there has been okay let's see what she
said I've already seen it because I
recorded the news I'm not going to lie Javi I
sent you I renewed the membership Look at the
message erion I haven't seen it sweetheart repeat it to me Tell me Tell
me there what it is what you
wanted to tell me
David said that he would have gone out partying
with you if you had met
before we have
n't seen each other in person David and I know each other
in person eh David I know each other
in person and we've been
having a few beers once he came for
a boxing meeting we Maybe notion
in person we've been having a few
beers What happens is that of course a
married man a married man a
responsible man a man who doesn't even
drink to this day I take a Maybe a
beer has to give me the bite it has to
give me the bite but man of course I mean
if we had both met before
YouTube we would have been  some good
clothes not the two out there tesa on all
platforms tesa on all
platforms supporting me life is
applause for tesa in the chat because she
deserves it she always supports us I have to
clarify Ari wants to clarify something well it
starts with laughter it starts with laughter to
clarify it okay it starts with laughter to
clarify it
guys 2000 members why don't they
appear on screen the two thousand
members
why don't they appear on screen they only
appear here on screen it's okay to
copy and paste Hi Javi sorry if
it's a little off topic I'm
wondering several things ask yourself first
Jenny rams wasn't at the evening this year
curious no and second what
happened with Argos the deadline to appeal
has already ended a kiss
about Jenni rizzo I
can't guarantee that they will let it
was because of the issue that burns you because
she I think she would have attended What
happens is that she announced her retirement a
few months ago we were discussing it
if it wasn't here it was in the main
Verito a kiss So I don't think it was
because of the issue okay about temargos let's
see the Argo issue hasn't ended yet
okay for the  topic something is not
finished yet but I can't comment much
more I imagine that it gives life reporting
Yeah that video has gone viral but I do
n't see any sense in it, I mean like I know that I know that I know that it has
gone viral
obviously okay you've sent it to me
eight here 8.5 billion times
Thank you very much for those two subs that you just
gave away an anonymous person that you
have sent it to me a lot that title not in which in which
coscu thanks
ibai But well what's new is that I
mean what new thing does that bring us
within all the Lore that we already have I mean I don't
see it I don't see it having a greater scope I
see it the same Andrés a kiss
thank you very much Hey what I said okay
2000 members more than 2000 members let's go
for 3000
let's go for 3000 you'll see when I
go to the kids for
you when I go to the Lordship on
Sunday and I tell him that there are 2000 of us here the
fight they're going to get into the fight they're going to get into  They're
going to put it in you They're going to
shoot you Endores to Gordo, fat man I'm
telling you now well let's see Ari what do you want to
clarify sweetheart Tell me my daughter
clarify it for me
Javi did you see the thread they made about Ari we'll see it
Here I have it here now we'll
see it I have to clarify were you
expecting such an explosive fight
friends
I may be many things I may be many
things but the chile I'm not rude I
'm not rude I ran into Marina Rivers
one day
forgive me that it has nothing to do with
the subject Forgive me for one thing that has
nothing to do with the subject do you
remember when do
you remember when I went to get a
perm on my eyelashes and they put my
eyelashes like that
tell me you don't remember because I don't
want you to look for the video and I
realize I know I
know in the video that I only
have it in mind I know in the video that it's
very noticeable I know
in the video that it's very noticeable I know
which one would have been located I If I had to
locate it okay
but the thing is that
I have very long eyelashes
I have very  long very
long I've always had them very long
okay what happened to me well I'm not
going to say how long ago because I'll tell you
how long you go and find it no what
happened was that I'm very flirtatious I'm an
idiot I'm too boastful
okay Well today I went today I went to the
physio so that he could get me well so that he could
reposition my muscles in a move
a move that I noticed I have a
muscle here a tendon I got a move on my
face and I fixed it god a kiss
okay but it turns out it turns out that I
find
Javi here there are 28 of llls for the camera
so you can save the other one don't leave the 4k
for tomorrow if you can have it today
greetings a kiss Thank you
very much Thank you very much Rey a huge kiss no no
the camera thing won't take long I'm
joking let's see obviously I
don't want to finish getting rid of that one
but it doesn't mean let's see in truth I'm not
going to stop dying surely what
I'll do is hold on a little longer
but not until I die to buy the
other one because what I'll do will be  When I
bought the other one, have several planes over
here, have several planes over here To
work, which is something I
always wanted to do, like I had one
plane here, another plane, the one above, not to
put it back and have several planes,
okay,
I always have, I've always had
very long eyelashes, okay,
always have pretty eyelashes, the
truth is, things as they are, Okay, and the
thing was that suddenly I started to
realize that I had some eyelashes like this
looking up and others looking
down, I don't know if it's from always sleeping on the
same side on the pillow, I don't know why,
okay, but like that, and I can't
stand it. I mean, I can't stand it,
obviously, I went to one of these
beauty salons, a beauty salon, and I said, well,
give me a perm, let me do the
perm, ruin the perm, let me
start the perm, the girl
said, "I'll put mascara on you," and from you, Frank, a
kiss, you put mascara on, she says, "Yeah, well, put
it on, damn." Well, if she has to
put it on, I'll pay for it, put it on, and she
put the mascara on me, what's happening is that
when she put my eyelashes up, she
put my eyelashes up.  She
put my eyelashes like
Ari's, long ones. Well, in fact, mine
were longer because they went up
above my eyebrow. Be careful, eh, she
put my eyelashes straight. I mean,
if you notice, eyelashes are like that,
not curly. Well, she
put them straight on me. It
looked like a razor. It looked like a
razor. Okay, of course, when I got
home, I say, Lorena, I think I think I should
n't have done this. I
think we've messed up. Lorena, I think we've
messed up. What I did
was, I had eyelashes, like I had
extra eyelashes, I mean, they had eyelashes
to donate. Eyelashes if I wanted. Okay,
so I could afford to cut
them. I grabbed the scissors to cut
the children's nails. At that time, I
was a baby, you know, and with the
eyelashes, I cut them
below my eyebrow, even though it was
okay, over time, it became natural,
but for a while, that thing stuck that made
me look like Izzi, the duck's girlfriend.
Donna knows. Mind you, mind you, I'm
not going to say in which videos there's a
video in which  it's very noticeable there's a
good that's very noticeable But be careful
I was there very sensual
from the evening that was in the in the in the in
May I was walking over there and I
greeted her and I said good luck tomorrow I
told her already You've done the difficult thing which is to
screw you for four months I told her Tomorrow
is the easy thing that nothing more is the fight
then but bad vibes
I greeted her trainer I spoke well with
her
everything fine and that's it
but where friend I mean my friend
is the other one with whom you got into a
fight And what else Ah well we didn't
hear this from outside conversation
on WhatsApp but before the evening or
after the fight so no bad vibes
I greeted her trainer I spoke well with
her
like everything fine and that's it
but well she's not my friend I mean my
friend is the other one with whom you got into a
fight
And before her friend was Beijing anyway
life no friendships are like that
friendships come and go friendships that are
born from the internet in this world they
can turn out well for you or they can turn out bad
and so my heaven
if we reach 3000 members tonight
Oh but I wasn't going to tell you I'm putting the
photo because I remember that I uploaded a group
or rather in WhatsApp in the group that I
have with some YouTube friends I
uploaded the photo that laughing my ass off
you know that I laugh at
myself afterwards I mean I presume no and I
am presumed but I don't mind laughing
at myself and the but lost photo I can't
find the truth the file has already been
distorted no and you can't put a file
even among those who didn't listen to each other
friends I would love to I know that a lot of
people are very hyped for the meme I
love the meme I love it when
memes are healthy I'm not rude
actually I wasn't rude at any
time I made a bad face in fact in
this photo that is going viral a
lot of when they lift his arm
and the fridge is like this and my name was who was
the other presenter is like this yes I am
smiling in that photo yes I am like this
Well I don't know if he's smiling I didn't
take photos you mean but seeing the
face he was making Ari
I imagine  that in the end you are not a
professional presenter no you are not the streamer no
you are not dedicated to presenting television programs
nor are you, you know, these
are things that have to be corrected that
at certain moments Well
maybe your feelings are not noticeable, I also
tell you that it depends I also tell you that it
depends because there are programs that you are
presenting in which it does not matter, I mean
if it is a gossip program, imagine
not a gossip program
because it is even expressive that you
take it a little like that it almost sells the same
okay but of course it is a sport it
is that you are presenting a sport
So when you are presenting a
sport I understand that your
feelings obviously come out of annoyance
because in the end that cannot be denied
she herself put a tweet no and the faces
are the faces the faces that she was
putting on for me you
know But the thing is that
if you are presenting a sport that does
not fit maybe another type of
content in another type of events well
Well but presenting a sport
but presenting a sport is ugly
for the other part I was there to put on a
show also as a
presenter not to behave like
a little girl
and well  because he also has to be screwed that it
is training, I have already passed it so
at no time did I give him a bad
face and at the end of the day, well, I go
there to work and I have to be
professional and and as much as it hurts me And as
much as I do not agree with the
result because yes I will say it, I do not
agree with the result
and many people did not agree with
the result,
people who know
Victoria Morales a huge kiss but if it
is that with the result there can be
many people who agree, many people who
disagree okay because in the end when it is
not a it is
called cao no I mean when it is something like that of
course not like Coco Germán it is not
like cacao no that he falls that he can no longer
fight no longer
but well but there were also, I
mean if there are professionals who have given
that opinion contrary to the result there
were also three professionals
hired by the team worth a reason
and you have to respect both the person who is
going to wear a belt and the
three professionals who are there, well that's it.
Well look, to participate in the
event, they have taken their salaries, they have
taken their fame, well, their fame or not,
whatever. Yeah, well, let's see, they have won more  Of
200,000 I don't know if it's 200,000 or 300,000
followers, the girl is the River of
Mexico eh I think she's the one who has
gained the most of all, the one who has gained the most in
repercussion and in followers has been
this girl River who for me personally has had an attitude that I didn't like, I didn't like her okay anyway, well I have to be professional, I mean, they invited me and I mean the tweet that I posted didn't seem bad to me at any time I mean I think there were
people who tweeted like
many things much stronger than that
but the presenter was you the
rest of the people it doesn't matter Look, for
example, there were a lot of people who were
throwing it in Ariel's face that he had
put up her boyfriend Juan that Juan also
posted what a steal they put up for us I don't
know what's worth There I don't consider that Juan
is being unprofessional because he's not
being a presenter, I mean Juan goes
there as a guest No Juan Bayer
invited as one goes no then Juan
can tweet whatever comes to mind
balls another thing is that it is generating
bad vibes towards the other no because in the
end what we have talked about many times
Well a robbery that they tell you a robbery is that they
depend What is that they depend what
moment okay that they tell you a robbery in a
sport in a fight that the fight the
truth has been quite equal Okay,
for example when they are
fighting and when you were going he offended when they
told him that it was a robbery that he would
take the Stream of the year of course there I
say a robbery
for me what do I care if you get offended
by that If it is a robbery a robbery It
seems to me that for me to
put some of the streamer of the year
they loaded that no nobody we are objective
evidently I am going to say auron Because
because the other three who were Greg
ibai and chose Juan
that the people and if he goes there to see I was going to
go I on some occasions I laughed at
some things about him but he went there he has
shown certain behaviors that
for me lately to see streamer of the
year why because he does events Well,
Greg can do that For example, do
you think he has done the same with the
airland Why? Well, because he hasn't
he made the contract a company that does it
a company that does events of
this type well the company does it for you you
pay them and the company does it for you let's
see if setting up the event without setting up the
event
costs
2 million euros and for you the event generates 5 they do it no I mean for me a String for me a streamer of the year is someone who gives you a [ __ ] crappy camera and starts talking to you about how little the Mercadona batteries last and has 50,000 people on the Stream okay
for me go with all due respect eh without
belittling the issue of streamer of the
year
for me it's that people value the
way he hangs out with soccer
players the programs he does and that he
has all these contests and so on but
for me that's like a television on
Twitch but for me a streamer
Mariana is true crazy it's true Well
Mariana came more with all due respect eh
not to belittle anyone for
many colors but for me Mariana
is that I don't I don't find it funny,
for me of what Tal for me is
auron
understands me
they are playing the base of identitarianism
coscu that the Spanish attacked him and
now rivers that the Spanish steal from him
excuses to play the victim these people
have a lot of heroes and know how to cry
so that their followers agree with
Costa to generate hate
But the thing is that I don't think that this depends
on countries that there were a lot of people no But
xenophobia because such because Spain
because Mexico yes there would surely
be some crazy [ __ ] who
would take advantage
and would start messing with people because of
their nationality surely there would be
okay
but it is not it
is not a war by countries or
anything I mean it's not about that it's that I
get OCD if I don't see the square things well
it's
a fight that was very even
both were very good for me a robbery
for me a robbery eh that the fight
was completely unequal okay it
's that I only saw the one between them
and I think it was because we saw it here
and the one between coscu and Germán I mean I haven't
seenmore
What were the other fights, the one with
Abraham Mateo I didn't see the one about use I didn't
see it
is  that I didn't see more is that I didn't see more
then I didn't know how to give you an example
but for me a robbery is a very
unequal thing to look at two girls
both girls did well they gave
everything
to call it robbery it's like the other one has
done something [ __ ] and for me it was to see
has her mistake because then they put it's
not like look this one here grabbed me the
other one hugged me the other one hit her
in the head that you also did with the one with
coco and Germán did it too No
look it's that Goku hit Germán two
blows to the head or from behind or
hit him from behind no and it's like we're going to see They
are not professional boxers they are
streamers who are there doing what they
can okay they
are not boxers they are going to have mistakes
so that's it because it is entertainment it is
a device program in the end the evening is
a device video promoted by the
rest of the streamers and collaborating with all the
biggest streamers but it is a
device video I mean it is not a real fight it
is not a fight well it is to
hire some referees and within the
mistakes and the things that each
one has no way the referee decides this one or this one
or this one and  that's it
and that's it and
then when you get home you
say it didn't seem right to me it seemed to me
that I should have won or now
Ari when he's returned to his city I
personally think but putting a Twin doesn't fit I mean
you get out of the stage that you're
presenting you get out of the ring that he's
presenting and in a moment you pick up your
phone to put on [ __ ] it doesn't
seem right to me when you're presenting a
sport then two days later in your
live Say what you want but at that
moment you're presenting you're in the middle
of several fights in fact that then after a
while surely she knew
surely she knew that later after a while
the friend was going to fight again
to pick up her phone there with that toxicity
I don't see it as professional I maintain it I
don't see it as professional I maintain
a tweet in the middle of an event but it's not
even in the middle of an event but when it
ends with a broken heart but well I'm
going to continue I'm going to continue presenting with my
best face and I was putting on a bigger face
that you don't see you understand that maybe I would
n't have done better because I've
never presented something so big
and maybe it's very difficult Maybe it
's very easy  criticize from our
position and listen to me we're talking about
an event with 70,000 people around
you this happens because of giving fame to anyone
no but also because many times
we
overvalue and underestimate people who are
not you know well there they are streamers and they have
done it as they could Okay now
tell me that she is a professional as a
presenter no [ __ ] no no
[ __ ]
and that's what I'm telling you maybe I wouldn't have done it
better
we're talking about a girl who the
only thing I know that she has presented
was the esland on the red carpet in
fact in the middle of a stadium outside of her
country 70,000 people watching them 3
million that instead of How many were
real watching her live I mean but it doesn't
fit she's not professional she's
not professional but I only put my
heart broken and I have every
right to have my heart broken and I
saw that my girl is there [ __ ] her
mother all the time and then that happens I did
n't say anything rude I didn't say anything bad Let's
see you didn't say anything bad you didn't say
anything rude the fact is rude
more than rude Maybe the word is
sharp
not sharp
sharp not
sharp taste
No what are you saying about my girl I didn't
say anything rude I didn't say anything bad
So when the mother all the time
and then that happens I did
n't say anything rude because you're
saying my girl
many things much stronger than that
but I just put I have a
broken heart and I have every right to have a
broken heart and I've seen that my girl is
there screwing her mother all the time
well well
each one Call their friends Whatever You want I don't know either my daughter
and then that happens I did
n't say anything rude I didn't say anything bad
So when we were presenting it
was very very difficult for
us to understand each other I think there were
several times that among the presenters we
asked each other things and we didn't
answer there's even a clip where
I'm telling Millado how and
then I get closer again How why didn't I
not listen even the people who
were there next to me didn't listen either I
feel like there is a lot of evidence I feel like there is a
lot of evidence because they had already
told me to start interviewing her
Then I started to say Marina
congratulations on your fight such  And then they
tell me that Chicharito is
up and he's talking about
starting again, starting the
interview again, so in this whole process they
were talking to me about starting
the interview again and then there
I go again to ask the same questions
and what I said I didn't even hear
that I asked him a question and even less did I hear
his answer. Anyway, I'm going to tell you
one thing, everyone is
calling me rude but to
me, I don't hear, I don't hear what I didn't
hear, the question or the
answer, let's see, being
fair,
trying just something else, what I
believe is okay because I don't believe it, it
's not impossible, it
's not impossible. Let's see, let's see the
clip. Let's see, it's not impossible that you don't
understand, okay,
because you're paying attention to the earpiece. I mean, maybe you
're hearing something but you
're not listening, okay,
impossible, you shouldn't be talking to
him, they're talking to you. Let's see, let's
see it for a moment.
[Music] Let's
see, let's see
Marina River. Congratulations, we would like to
know how you feel about this Victoria
after what happened yesterday.
happy
thanks to all the people who have been
there every day today we are just as
Spanish in the 2010 World Cup
[Applause]
Thanks to everyone and especially thanks
to Joana who will be my mother not
when they are focusing on it and she is so
super excited in the mother she has not been here for
four months she is a
world champion and I have fulfilled her
dream boxing in such a big stadium
with so many people So thank you very much
for having accompanied me on this
journey I love you
I don't know Marina what are you feeling right now
Yes this is the question no this is the
question couldn't you ask for something now what would it be
okay she is
not going to like this rematch
Spain Mexico Oh they are not
focusing on Ari man and I evening 4 did
you imagine a
fight Oh they are not focusing on her man
we are seeing her out of the corner of our eye
I wish we had another perspective on this
clip eh Javier has it in one
ear and in the other he must be concentrating
listening to the interviewee
but let's see if they are showing you to see I have
had a comb because you know that I have
worked in some  little things for
example recently we recorded a
hidden camera on
TV not recently we also recorded
a hidden camera on TV you
know no there I
had there I have a very
small earpiece and also the problem with the
earpiece
in my case for example it doesn't
put it in me of course is that maybe this earpiece maybe you can hear it better because Claro already has an earpiece that it doesn't matter if it can be seen okay but for example in the hidden cameras on Canal Sur when they put the earpiece in my ear they are these little earpieces
that you can't see them they
have to be seen as little as possible because it
's expensive in the grease if they see you in the
earpiece because then you realize no
what's going on for some reason
that I don't know it doesn't
fit in my ear how does it have to
shrink okay then it doesn't end up I do
n't end up hearing it well and how
loud how high should I hear it
then Many times maybe when I
'm interpreting the hidden camera they
give me some signal there that let's see Hey
but move away you're  covering a
camera
squeeze it harder tell her to come here
put this on her show her the other thing you know
then maybe at that
moment the director is
telling me something okay Yo
[ __ ] you can't listen to two things at
once Let's see you pay attention pay attention to what they
're saying even if you're acting
like the one you're there okay like the one you
're there pay attention to what you're saying
and maybe the person I
'm arguing with is talking to me do you
understand so that I don't that I
think she did hear her I mean I think she
ignored her because she was mad at her
because she had won the fight against her
friend but we have to give her the
benefit of the doubt because what she
's saying is not impossible do you
understand me impossible what she's
saying is not she's in the middle of a
stadium many speakers
70,000 people the situation
I don't believe what she's saying
but it's not impossible okay
she's listening she has a bad face
because the truth is she has a bad face no
matter what she says I wasn't smiling I
don't know what you have a bad face  because your
friend lost and that's it's something she has to
learn not to do again
okay
not me now Ari is paying attention to the
question the presenter is asking her We do
see this no she listens to the question
the presenter is asking her the other one I don't know
Marina what are you feeling right now
if you could ask for something now what would it be that she's
not going to like this of
course I think she's listening to it
I think she heard look she sees it here you can
see a little bit that she's there and look at the
audience no let's see I think I
heard her I think I heard her
But well who knows if not good Javi
Today is my birthday Congratulations man
Pokémon Gamer congratulations Have a
great day if you had told me your name
much better but a huge kiss
I hope you have a good time your
celebration hasn't come out you're not a
Geek no and it hasn't come out she's not here
watching us No it hasn't come out
how do you know that Listen no we don't know
Maria we're giving her the benefit of
the doubt okay I don't believe it but
well maybe now here suddenly you
're talking to her just when she's
answering
I don't believe it okay  But well
impossible Noah Mexico yellow evening 4
Hello Javi, good evening, I
agree with what you said Ari, as a
presenter there is a lot to learn
even if she has friends sometimes you have to
know how to let go but I'm speaking from my
perspective which may not be correct
but I hear a lot. In fact, I said theft
but like when I say the same thing in a
game then something else comes to mind like
I go to insult Marina in private,
that's not no, but it's not just about
insults and such that one thing is what
the people do, one thing is what
the people do and another thing is what
the organizer of the event does by uploading those
the presenter
and the rival. I
mean, imagine that you are right
even if you are right, which has happened to me
many times that I am right and
I start to criticize someone who has
beaten me at something, people take it as
if you have a bad time, losing you look bad, you
look bad
if you can pay attention to two things, I'm not saying it
's easy but a
professional presenter does it daily, she is not
professional but I don't trust her either and it could
be an excuse. Let's
not fool ourselves, I think  that I don't
answer her on purpose But well,
you see, that's it,
what can I tell you? I think she didn't
answer her on purpose, okay,
I'm going to tell you one thing,
everyone is calling me rude, but what
she did seems much ruder to me, what she already did, you
missed the Comanche moment in the ring,
Comanche, you know, I didn't see much of the evening,
eh
Today he's getting married, waiter, and I have no
idea who Lucifer is, I have no idea
who they are, it's that I didn't see
much of the evening, that day I was with
Enrique with our families
eating eating eating in Seville we
were eating, let's say I got carried away,
too, but I was and I was getting involved every
time, I don't know, from time to time I was getting involved
and I would open it, Maya was at the dance,
from time to time I would glance at my
phone, okay, for example, the moment when she
came in to find out when the
second one was
to find out when she was the rival, the
second time River fought, that moment
I saw it live, okay, but I was putting in
some pieces and such. And then the
Goku fight caught me right  when I got home,
the fight was starting, damn
it, and I already saw the final, I saw the end,
this bit, and I already watched it live, I think it was
okay,
but it's that I didn't see anything. It's that, no, I didn't
see anything, no, I didn't see anything. I mean, I've seen
the clips on Twitter of Rosario on
Twitter that went viral, one click
doing papuru papuru papuro. And it's like the
end of Tula, which is what
kids, kids do now, of the
new generation that live in their own world, they
think that these are the most
famous now, the only thing there is, I don't know, I don't know
how much, and they discovered that thing about
Rosario, Rosario, that, that, all their
lives,
all their lives, that thing she's always
done, she's always done.
Now that you guys
were born in the year 2000, it's not my
fault
that she was rude, the other one is telling her. I
mean, the other one was rude, it doesn't
seem right to me and a lot of people
have written to me, a lot of very
professional people have written to me and they say and they
said, How good, how good that you didn't
answer anything because that's how it is
like a coreo I mean if I'm
working there I mean I'm not playing the
boxer I'm doing my job
I'm standing there I mean to answer
a question you're not playing the boxer you
're doing your job
but to criticize the result there if you
're in the audience
that sends me places
let's see if you're the presenter
you're the presenter for everything they
say that ama has said in her String that
the Mexican River had a fight with her
for a while
that she said can I hug you and the
other one said no
her friends
Ah yes I've seen that Then I've
seen it Then I've seen it Then I've
seen it
This is on Twitter
the Comancha trying not trying to
get closer to and goes and puts his hand on her
shoulder
[Music]
But why is he doing that like wide I don't
understand I don't
understand it's that I don't understand for that
moment that I don't understand either
why is Comanche doing that I mean he calls
ibai so that iba and you see the [ __ ]
you dance with your balls And you say to the other one
no let the others no I
mean and besides that it's an
ibai event I can't  self invite or so they
wanted me to say Yes yes I've
given myself four
Well tell the same to virus to Goku to a
few okay or so to a few
that keep posting you and go and what happens
evening 4 and go and evening 4 if
nobody wants it I'll upload it I don't know or so what he's
saying about some people saying well
come on evening 4 a lot of people do that a
lot of people do that I mean I
see that every [ __ ] day
every [ __ ] day I see some
streamer posting and go and look
introducing themselves I mean
Evening 3 just ended literally 4 days ago and they
're already trying to get me to go and call them
for the evening of four man what am I going to
do you guys
blondes Yes exactly a lot about
blondes and x qyeah How did it come up
Rubius himself said it very well Let's look for that
let's look for that Look look
because he's going to tell us something
Seriously
what is this of course he
said that everyone does
n't well He said this this year too
but this was Look at this let's see
I know you're an otaku maybe you
're more into karate
Yeah, there you go as Naruto,
you know how to make Naruto gestures, mind you,
you're more of a Ninja guy. So I don't
know, not to put you in a
difficult position, but we'll see Rubius at
some point,
leave the Cave and do that, train.
I'll tell you one thing,
if he wants to come, I'll
sign up.
[Applause]
The other thing is
Ari, tell Rubio the same thing, he's
rude,
to Ruby, one only says, because that day
the blond was rude, he was
sponsoring you with his brand,
Rubius, he's not going to tell him, I
mean, he would
invite him. I really didn't hear. And it's
good that I didn't hear if I'm honest with you
because what I'm telling you seems
rude to me. Maybe if I had listened to
my reaction, it would have been different. I could have
heard you criticize anyone in a year,
of those who have done it, because they've
done that a lot, eh,
besides, we don't see how it's not the
same, it's senseless, it's exactly the
same,
like it's not the same, senseless, I mean, it's
literally the same, I
mean, but it's literal. I mean, no, I don't
see, I mean, I don't see, I don't even see
any difference.  Exactly the same thing
they have and if I listened closely
maybe it would have been a no Or maybe it would have
been a country He's
laughing at her He's
laughing at her He's laughing at
her or this is what this He's laughing at
her is saying What is he talking about
Good thing I didn't answer him because if I had I would have
told him who What is he talking about dude
But how is it not the same football with
bauti How is it not the same can anyone
someone think that it's not the same
but it's almost literally the same How does it
change How does it
change
So
I felt like a now you now he had to
type and that's what I found out I until
the evening was over like I went on
Twitter and they were already mocking me for not having
heard because I was deaf so
yeah I since I didn't hear my
genuine reaction is to continue interviewing
and I think I asked him a very good
question if he expected such a such a powerful such an
explosive fight So
I'm there smiling I can't hear him I know that I know that he
finishes speaking
because I see his mouth and now I go back in
I did you expect such an
explosive fight  and and yeah but it's not on purpose I
don't see it as a bad answer I
feel like it's also a good meme
people laughed a lot because well he's
scared at no time did I insult him I didn't
make my face it's funny it's not the
same because he's not interested a year ago
Biggin tells him and says yes in one
go
or no but let's see I don't think it depends on
whether Virgin tells him I think the
annoyance Is that he won the fight against
the girl I mean if it
had been if they
had told him this question in another fight it would
n't have bothered him
The problem is that they tell him in a
fight that he loses That to me his friend
we know that she's not one that she's not a
good one I mean she feels that she's not a good one that's not
a bad answer it's
funny because you don't expect it
like an Ah [ __ ] what was that not a
dog people laughed a lot and the
truth is that I was very calm
when Ah well I mean I saw that there were
people because apart from the fact that they asked him it
's because and dance he tried to pair up
several times
But in the end it's understood that it's a
joke I don't
say I don't
But in the end  anyway I invited myself
But in the end then I would go and have to
say Well then I follow this fight this
fight I don't watch it or if people ask for it
yes or no no
I mean me just for not listening to myself I had to
swallow a lot of xenophobia and
sniffles and that if I am a Panchita And yes I
am a Panchita I am Mexican and very well
put together I love being Mexican I
love being Mexican I am super proud
of My roots of my country of my culture
of my food of my people
And I had to swallow all those [ __ ]
comments telling me [ __ ] that
right now thanks for unity for the
subscriptions but right now it gets into
my tweet where I literally just
put my heart broken I
thought this I mean It's [ __ ] up It's [ __ ] up
because people find it very easy to
drop the bomb insult insult
insult despite not doing anything
[Music]
I was very calm when I was going and
uploaded the clip laughing because I said okay I
mean even the presenter is not there
says Román
stepped on herself she listened carefully let's
see
what you  you mean
and now I come back in I expected
such an explosive fight
in explosive So I'm there
smiling I don't hear him I know that I know that he's
finished speaking because I see his
mouth and now I come back in I
expected such an explosive fight and that's it
but well not on purpose I don't see it
as a bad answer either I
feel like it's also a good meme
people laughed a lot because well he's scared
at no time did I insult him I didn't
make my face it's funny it's
funny because it's like you don't
expect it like an [ __ ] that was that
of the year this dog people
laughed a lot and the truth is that I
was very calm when Ah well I mean I
saw that there were people insulting me of
everything I mean me just for not listening I
had to swallow a lot of
xenophobia and racism So yes I am
a Panchita And yes I am a Panchita I am
Mexican and very well put together I love
being Mexican I adore being Mexican I am
super proud of My roots of my country of my
culture of my food of my people
And I had to swallow all those [ __ ]
comments  telling me [ __ ] that
right now thanks for going for the
subscriptions but right now I get into
my tweet where I literally just
put my heart broken I
thought this I mean It's [ __ ] awesome It's [ __ ] awesome
because people find it very easy to
drop the bomb let's
see you're putting you I'm
questioning the clip of the year
but you guys want to See how that
guy takes it and puts it as clip of the year in
the rewind
insult insult despite not doing
anything
[Music]
I was very calm when I was going and
uploaded the clip laughing because I said okay I
mean even the presenter is not
seeing the bad that people want to bring out I mean
always always those type of people
who want to bring out the bad and I said look if not even
There it goes and it seemed bad to him I mean if it did
n't seem rude to him because it wasn't
rude so I
said that already type I'm going to
take it also as a joke and I'm not
going to feel bad for something that I didn't do
wrong so then the twitter
expected such an explosive fight Yeah well that I mean
obviously I understand that there are
two  positions I'll tell you
right away let's get our
hopes up I wouldn't get in I wouldn't get in I don't
know if I would fight again I'm telling you that
just like yes Like Yes how cool
because it's a really cool experience
but specifically with her no so
what arrogance
then this I'll fight again I'm
telling you that just like yes Like Yes how
cool because it's a really
cool experience but specifically with her
no
who are you more than her
Who is more than her Let's go the other
girl from what I've been seeing the
little that I've seen of her she's
getting two degrees she has a lot of
success on social media she's
gorgeous because she is the
only thing I've seen is some little
[ __ ] some feminist hypocrisy and
nonsense That's what I've seen
some nonsense but not much she's very she's very she's very
young still you
know and you'll see it it's not a mistake you
know but dad to talk to her with that
contempt because
then that's what they
say that River was leaving very
arrogant
really a less
arrogant person I've never met you in my life
the least the
least  I wish she had defended
her friend Virgin like that when she was her sister
four or five months ago eh
I wish she had come out like that to defend
Billing
look, I have
n't put this part on the
news but look at her friend she did
n't come out to defend her like that she
's not even capable of throwing [ __ ] at anyone
I still am like no but let's
see but like but you want to
drive me crazy but if that's on her
Twitter
but if that's on her Twitter but if we've
all seen that
but like she doesn't throw [ __ ] at anyone
but that's on her Twitter that
we've seen and in the Line not in the
likes there were ugly things very ugly we've been
seeing it here these days
man
and she never never really is a very
good person very good
combat person Jaime that her Victoria they put
perfume on me that seems excessive to me
[Music]
and she never never really is a very
good person very good person
that her Victoria they put perfume on me that seems excessive to me
[Laughter]
that seems excessive to her  that she puts on
perfume but let's go on like you're assuming
that you're putting on
perfume because she just had a
victory Maybe she would have
put on perfume anyway Even if she had
lost because she just sweated no
and she's going to approach the presenters and
talk to the people no maybe to
Perfume maybe it's deodorant or
maybe it was perfume because she just
sweated she just fought I mean it
seems excessive to her but that the other one
puts a ton of retweets and a ton
of likes saying that she wins both
fights when she didn't win them that's not
excessive and that the other one takes it at the
weigh-in and goes like I'm here I
had it at the evening I was already there before
you I mean I had my fight if you
want If you want to be at the evening
you adapt to my weight
damn man how convenient man how
convenient it is
excessive that she puts on perfume damn but
but if I'm putting on perfume all
[ __ ] day all the [ __ ]
diameter putting on cologne every time
I move I pass by here I have it  here up
high Look you're not going to see it because I'm not going
to move the camera because it's going to
disconnect but here in the shoe rack
Here I have on the wall is a shoe rack
of everything on the wall and up above are all
my things
mother of God it's called being a jerk come on come on
for real
revenge Spain Mexico there is a difference is
that he had a lot of people against him and Rivers
has a lot in his favor the facts don't
matter but whether he can take advantage of it
or not they're all excuses
don't compare
the first comparison of what
Beijing did to what the other Rivers did the
perfume was so that Ari wouldn't get the
smell of Rivers's ass in his
mouth not like that either Eric I'll
allow it like that no King I'm very sorry I don't know
who you are and I wouldn't bathe you but not like that
eh like that no
disrespect on either
side Finally
[Applause]
the divine of and that of but let's see the
first difference between what River did I'll
tell you Now if you want the first
difference is that what Virgin did
literally 10 years ago
10 years ago
and the other thing is current from now on
tonight let's go and  then I'll also tell you another
thing what Beijing did she did before
getting together with Ari, I mean Ari has been
very close with Beijing and on
vacation for two years
and I don't know how many trips
and being best friends after
So it wouldn't seem so bad to her did you
imagine such an explosive fight
I'm fine, idiot I'm fine, idiot it's
a good meme it doesn't hurt
anyone I never treated her badly I was never
rude I didn't
even listen it's a great meme it's
a meme that doesn't hurt anyone there's no
mockery for anyone let's
see if it's a mistake like she says if it
was a mistake like she says it's not a
big deal either the problem is that later on they
laughed at her about coscu It was
seven years ago
Very well thank you and what do you mean
by that urukuru what do you
mean by that urukuru
then
mother of God well we're there Then
nothing happens if
you do 7 nothing happens nothing happens
nothing happens
the truth is that you're absolutely
right
no no no no no no listen to me so much
controversy and seven years ago man nothing well that's it Then that's it
or we also condemn Virgin for doing
Nazi jokes
Live of the year do your best of the year I'm
still the most smiley what I'm telling you
I was going as a presenter they
invited me as a presenter and neither was I
or rather with any other answer I
feel like it wouldn't have made sense Well
because I'm not going to invite myself to
an ibai event I mean there's no way
I'm going to say Oh yeah yeah envelopes When it goes about
we get on Well no I went to
do my job and I went to play my part
and I was interviewing you are
going to give the thumbnail of the news that they
sent me you
Javi that's a strategy that she has
always used this way she takes out the competition
her first time donating King
a huge kiss
things from the past Yes already
How ugly it's ugly it's ugly I could see it I
could have fixed it a little I
could have fixed it Maybe
saying the same thing but in a more
humble way Maybe
No look guys I didn't find out I had an
earpiece although you don't believe it how
complicated Listen The earpiece
listen to the interview it was true that it was
by accident and it came out like that it's worth a thousand things a
thousand things really maybe for
marina
a thousand things  man the truth
and what does River think Spanish says about that I do
n't understand your question sora
has apologized hundreds of times for what happened
ten years ago coscu not once on the
contrary she is proud
well let's see I don't think they are the
same situations sorry to tell you
about Beijing we don't defend it of
course if I saw her doing that
now I would block her not that it's that I
would never have even spoken to her if she
was doing it now you
know I would never have spoken to
her surely okay
really
Yes karimé yes yes it is known let's see they are some
somewhat random sponsors but yes yes what they
did the mask apparently let's
see how it comes out very smoothed
this thread against Ari Gameplays I
saw it and I was going to comment on it yesterday come on I was
going to take at least this meme yesterday
that this is like this good Lola Chiqui do you
remember not the good Lola Chiqui that
in fact there was some controversy here okay
I of course I am never going to tell
private conversations or anything like that
But well they told it in
public not that the chocan denied the chocan
denied it that the good  Lola Chiqui
out she well She actually told this
in a String No yes the chocan she denied it to me I don't
know what But well there are people
who tell me yes there are people who tell me
no I don't know how much no regarding the
chocas She said You make me uncomfortable I won't know
How to greet you at an event because you
think in the deepest part of your head
good lolas Chiquis but nevertheless
Goku told her the same thing is enough with
harassing Beijing she has asked for forgiveness
something that neither coscu nor nuk have done
for example Ah no what does it have to do with
one let's see anunna I like him but I don't
think he has done anything like
At the same level as those things we
are talking about as far as I know I mean I don't like
the guy obviously very
obviously he is not a meme but
[ __ ] over there I don't know why he has to
apologize right now No the truth Let's see
jokes jokes that are not funny not
too dark jokes No look you have
given me a very good example yes I mean at the
anug level for example
to me they seem
[Music] the
same or different or in worse taste  Of course they make me
feel worse because I'm from Spain,
so they
empathize more because we hurt close by, no,
but for example, it is being
jokes today At the same level as those that
biyín made, he used to do it with the Nazis, no
way, Beijing
auron jagger and a lot of people who go
to the party would get together in bikinis like that
in the same jokes okay but it's that
anu about eta is doing
the jokes now and it seems like it's humor and
I'm a Boomer who doesn't understand
humor okay But anyway, coscu told him how
delicious, how delicious chetovich and what
Ari responded to this was that coscu is
very spicy Let's see, he didn't do it
directly, okay, he didn't do it
directly But anyway, it's what she thinks
of him, no, that you dress very spicy, bug and
this thread has gone viral this
thread [ __ ] well the thread has one
million 100,000 views
21,000 likes
and a ton of shares
coco Ari Gameplays insults her husband
talks about her in a morbid way,
sexually explicit things to her  friend according to
this tweet
abuses a girl and takes a nude photo of her
without her consent you should
cancel it if you're a feminist And at the end it
comes out to say that they bite to Beach Well in
fact Today I wanted to search for something
I don't remember exactly what I
was looking for but I put
[Music]
evening
from are Gameplays
and I
put it in order basically no And
look how things are
from one tweet to another eh look
here this Twitter March 7 belongs to
the controversy that she generated with the
rest are things of the past not the coscu thing they are
very old things no and here in the
thread Well several users are talking
not about that not about
Coco that Ari
downplays it and there's another user who is
saying Hey Well maybe Ari
really didn't know no and Ari is saying
obviously you can't imagine something Worse
if she's at an evening obviously you can't
imagine that that bad thing could be
something so bad okay here she's already telling you
here she's already telling you that before she didn't
know about Coco but that now you do
know and that it is something so bad not the
people who obviously  you know what I did in a bad
way it's all those people who don't come from the
same person okay well anyway here he
's referring to Dallas he
's probably blaming dala for his ills Well
just the next tweet he has
talking about the evening he doesn't mention
anything else about the evening okay on Twitter
at least since March 7th Okay
when the controversy passes he doesn't mention anything
about the evening until she introduces herself as the
presenter okay And he says I had it very
hidden
already and they have saved you
cocu having a girlfriend the one he mentions
reacts to a click from Ari Gameplays for
no reason need starts to make
morbid comments about her breasts
in a very out of place
anyway I want to clarify something Belén I love you
but how rich this
so succulent strong can't help it she
's stronger than me how rich
rich
Sorry as a friend I tell you but so
rich I mean let's
be honest what am I going to say no do
n't say anything let's see let's see
trying to justify this a little
trying to be a little
to be honest what Marina is and they do
n't have the potential that
Rivers or Ari have the truth is how it would look
give them like more fame when
she doesn't, they're like they don't have much
interaction compared to the two of them,
really. So I don't think they'll do it like
that. Ariel Maybe I would accept with
someone who also had a
lot of interaction, you know, against, no, no, she doesn't
have much interaction. Before, they
did me a favor by inviting her to
the evening. I think they
did her a big favor because they
did her a big favor by
inviting her to the evening.
LoL man, for these people because,
in all honesty, let's see, in all honesty, to
be a little
realistic,
it's a very old comment, man, you can already
see your brains at least
[Music]
[ __ ] it's that yes, it's that by this rule of
three, let's see, I always try to find a
logic in what we're commenting on, girl, let's
see the other thing, yeah, the other thing,
I don't care that it's been six seven years, but this comment, [ __ ], it's like if it takes out a comment from 2018, you understand, but yes, it's true that she didn't complain, but damn, [ __ ] then coscu can get into cao and or not in coi, I imagine that yes, of course, I
imagine  that yes they had
not fired this decoy boy
for comments similar to this one from
coscu anyway and the hypocrisy That
is true they fired a boy from koi from
the same era
with comments that were from the same
era there was someone who had given a
like I mean I don't remember the literal meaning
of what each one put but anyway the
three that were fired today they
fired them to their faces and they humiliated them to their
faces because they shouldn't have
fired them okay No no no no no no no no no no no no I
said
cusco no Costco cusco cusco come on I
love you but how delicious this one no no no no no no no no no no no no I
said cusco no cusco
cusco cusco let's see in all
honesty okay I'm going to give you my opinion okay let's
see now what he said with
chocas and I'm going to give you my opinion okay I'm going to give you my opinion
the most sincere one I can think of okay let's go
that's what he said reacting
to Goku's words okay let's see
now what he said reacting to the
words of  Chosas I
understand But there are others that I
completely do
not approve of and are disgusting and it's weird like I
mean I don't see if you're roleplaying with some
woman like defending Chosas I don't
see the need for you to come tell me
good boobs It makes
me uncomfortable at some point Yes because it
's someone that I know in person
someone that I have a lot of
respect for and it
's curious I mean knowing that someone that
maybe I could see again at
some point in my life that
will surely be like that because of events and everything and getting to
think like Well I don't know how to greet you
because really what you think in the
most intimate part of your head is good boobs
Chiquis and I don't know how to take it I mean I
try to take it like there's
another there's another but now I put it
the funny thing about the memes that are
coming out and not staining myself with this to
begin with it's not worth it to see my
personal opinion regarding the comparison
in how it reacts to this and this
maybe not You're going to agree
with me okay but I'm going to say what I
think seeing it I try to
always put myself in the place in the Or be
reasonable no not to let myself be carried away by
feelings no  because maybe she could be
fake no because she defends him and the other one is not
worth it let's see for me here, I mean this
coconut click, let's see if I had done
coconut click today, well today it
would be an outrage But if it's that
here neither Ari seems like let's go nor Ari seems like
today nor coscu either this will do this will be
at least five years at
least you understand me then well Okay it
's very old and she here maybe and she
was with Juan and then she sees a guy
saying wow tits and even laga
Well we're talking about a girl who
sells her onlyfans no so if they
tell you let's see if you are a girl who
sells onlyfans you can't be offended
because they tell you nor can it bother you
that they tell you good tits no I mean on the
contrary it's not what they tell you and
that you mention yourself no And on top of that
another streamer tells you so that their
followers go to see if what you're commenting is true or a
lie Okay
then my opinion
what would I do here is not where she's being
false
In my opinion where she's being false
in this
In my opinion it
doesn't bother you that they tell you  good
boobs Chiquis
the one who should be uncomfortable is the other one do
n't [ __ ] with the other one who created a
multi-account to put good boobs
chiqui
not
this drama here
Today it bothers me I can find it at an event I don't know how I'm going to watch it because Look if it suits you it doesn't matter you don't care man that's what I think where he's not being real in this I mean I
understand that it's ugly on the part of the
choca But you don't have to be why you know
so such a victim neither [ __ ] neither
Wait he's sending me
something else place that says there's another
time where Cocula mentioned at some
point in life
talking a little bit about boobs Why not I mean
I would really like to talk about
boobs Ari Gameplays I like Ari Gameplay
a lot I think she's a very
cool and very cool girl and a very good person
being with Belén or without Belén I want you all to
know that I wouldn't be with her I'm not
attracted to her she would be a great friend but I'm not
attracted to her And that I love boobs
but I'm not attracted to Ari Gameplays I'm not
attracted to her And if Ari Gameplays comes I'll tell him
sit down let's play  fortnite or something
because as a friend you understand no no on that
scale in which it has this is the
Nissan below is petance and
below arigameplays
well there it
is
Hey the boy's opinion Hey Here it
is more Mayo see it yourself remember that
Juan guarnizo and coscu had a
controversy over some comments Juan made
about some of
coscu and his people's behavior on Stream the details don't matter
look for information
elsewhere Yeah well I remember a little about that
fight let's see in some points I don't
agree with Juan and in others maybe I don't agree
with Costco
people who don't know shouldn't give their opinion
Ari Gameplays' boyfriend is a
[ __ ] hater Okay He never swept him or
his girlfriend anime fell really well all his life
and I still think it's really good girl
you know what having such an idiot boyfriend
shits him not talking about others talk about
you defend yourself defend your
girlfriend Be what you want don't throw
dirt at others because I always
swept things away always
[ __ ] for sure because of your
[ __ ] insecurity and I never told you anything because I
always said ok I'm not going to fight with
anyone I'm going to keep everything okay because the
community has to stay cool because
we are all streamers we are all
working and now they start
suck my dick that guy is a
[ __ ] hater of the Ghost Army and the Army in
My flag when I yelled in My Flag
repeatedly I get in and I'm
[ __ ] now and I want to get in and I want to
curse him
Ari Gameplays' boyfriend is tall dude
Ok he wants to release a clip he is tall dude
Why Because nobody ever haitied them nobody
ever broke it and the guy whenever they
asked him and even when they didn't
ask him he came out to say no God
warmi is [ __ ] they are a bunch of
cats and the worst thing is that well we do a
Stream and I'm going to tell you son of a [ __ ] I'm
going to tell you that on Twitch a joint is
personal consumption I don't consume joint I
am not in favor of people who
consume joint but I do have a friend who
consumes joint And if he wants to smoke a joint he
smokes  the joint here surely
as many know there are people who smoke and
people who don't smoke OK I will never
allow it to be in a racket shot on one
end of my but if in the
Twitch rule it is legal to smoke a joint you will
see people smoking a joint Now it
seems awful to me Ari Gameplays boyfriend
because I don't know your name it seems
awful to me that instead of defending your things
causes your motives and your struggles and your
problems you go out and attack other
people because you know what happens when
Twitch comes when duki comes to Twitch whether you
want it or not talk about trap talk about this
talk about the other the community grows and whether
you like it or not Twitch the platform that is
eventually working with you
grows do you understand then that you leave the
transmission of another It seems to me that it talks
about the idiots that you are okay
also there is one thing here here I was
right coscu I am I am
completely against the issue joints
drugs and all that type okay but yes there is
one thing here on Juan's part that
[Music]
you will see I don't know if it applies coco Now here
luck
that looking at the field next door and you
start harvesting things you'll be
much better I seriously recommend it
here we look forward we don't look It's that
here in the anger that coscu has he
has some reason eh Because
apparently according to what he says wait to see if
Klein is whole I
send you a greeting
[Music]
because I'm not an idiot they've already
passed me three clips three clips in
which the guy said it's not
[ __ ] I don't know how the [ __ ] they can follow
those people and he's cursed me and other
streamers and I never said anything to him there are clips
and there are a lot of people as witnesses he
always
did nothing to him or arigameplays that
in fact I have paid for a bunch of
times and I supported him a bunch of times
basically here what happened was that
apparently Juan went to Twitch to
tell him Hey they're smoking joints in
this live that that is
something that on many occasions
more than one person throws it in his face One
Hey he goes to the platform as if looking for
something like that it was okay Goku told it it's that's
where the climate is on YouTube
it's that  I saw it recently I don't remember
why I saw it recently and I said [ __ ]
man I mean one thing is that they mess
with you, I have
reported something on occasion that they have messed with me
For example no some move like that okay the
other day I was short of song a hard one to
report to the light because all the [ __ ]
face they sent me a click that started
calling me [ __ ] [ __ ] without
any argument
insults right there in my face no I
wasn't attacking him I mean I simply
criticized the joke that I don't like a
type of jokes that I don't like and
without further ado he is not disrespectful okay but
that you go to report a transmission
because there were joints there,
West call told it we saw that
very recently we saw it very recently it
was like and what's the point you have
reported a String that is not about you and
that you don't care no
but listen they have
always gotten along
here we can see how caprimint
dedicates several tweets to him are Gameplays he
even uploaded a video where the two
were dancing and having a good time
We can assume that they are friends or  at least
they have a good friendship Oh well This
is what we talked about yeah This is what
we talked about I mean it wouldn't surprise me at
all we can't confirm it
obviously
But it wouldn't surprise me at all well she'll have the
video she'll
have the video we can't
confirm that Ari knows now if
this capricious girl has gone to
tell a bunch of friends and she's
told Dallas and she's told him I do
n't know who it wouldn't surprise me if at
some point she had told
Ari too and Ari knew but of course
we can't confirm it
supposedly it got cold at four in the
morning with very few people but I want to
confess that for me in 2017 18 19 between
before 2020 before the pandemic there was a
big event where a big youtuber
streamer went with his girlfriend and it turns out that
at this event I was cold and I sat next
to I
mean I sat in the corner of some
chairs that were there and I put a parka on
top of it a parka is like this that has
like feathers inside and so this person
right I was next  next to him is or so this
Man and next to him he was with his girlfriend
So I was there Only because it
was the only accent left and what
happened was that this person started to
show it like this graphically
this one started to do this to me and start
touching my leg I froze with
the girlfriend next to me
and he started touching my leg like this and he
started squeezing me and he kept going up more and more which I
thought it was a
misunderstanding I don't know he was grabbing something
maybe but no he knew that he was
touching my legs and he was going up
more and more towards my dad and another one and and
well he is a very well known person he is a
person that everything is very
familiar with that with that person and
I to this day I don't dare to
say his name Because I'm afraid that
people will come who don't believe me that
this one will get upset and tell his friends to
close the doors
I prefer to have good vibes with friends that I
could know
that could be good vibes and that don't talk
bad about me like Ah they are not inventing
standard I don't know what but I
also tell you that what we
have here is her testimony or rather it
is not like a proof  100% I
believe it or at least I think something
similar happened okay But in the end it's not
like for example What about the photo What about the
photo There's no way I understand the photo
is what it's worth
What does it have to do with this As I
mentioned before watching all the
Twins the video of the two of them it can be
deduced that at least they were friends and if
by chance Ari didn't know who
the person was Now she knows And so
far zero words on the subject
total total
Well look this is a relationship It's more
recent but here you have the mushrooms more
or less from recently
at this point there's no need to give much
detail I think that I have already
proven that Goku had relations
with a girl such Then he took a
naked photo of her with her consent he sent it
to his friends
Who is she is here primín
So she went to the wedding that primín
too Okay then here there is one there is
a good relationship there is not a good
friendship no let's see I
understand no
now Ari in play seeing that Goku
insulted your husband on several occasions
ta ta ta la your friend spoke in a
morbid way about you  he abused a girl and
took nude photos of her with her consent
what do you think you're going to say about such
[Music]
it's very spicy
[Music] it
's very
[Laughter]
of my heart
Oh my life and my heart
our friend all good saying oh it can't be They
left Twitch what do I know
and then what happened they all left
Twitch So they don't come to talk to
us yes yes but carefully had a
very good relationship That is well known let's
see friendship friends is that here What do we
call friends no
Ah look it's true it's
true look it
's true Look let's see It was an
internet friendship a colleague I mean I call a
lot of people on the internet friend that in
reality not that
in reality not a friend let's see a
friend is a very strong word What
happens is that sometimes it is
also used to describe a colleague or
something like that
my goodness
Yeah let's see
if you go okay I mean if you take
advantage
Javi you tell him or I tell
Juan
No, not me, those things attacks let's see if
the gossip comes out and it is Commented you know
if a gossip comes out that we have to comment on
it  I comment but man
Let's see not in that plan You're not going to find it
in me You're not going to find that no because I wouldn't
like it if they did it to
me I can criticize many things I
can criticize
River's friendship for example that she
has with River well I don't believe it I don't
believe it because first I'm friends with
one then with the other I don't know what But well I don't
get into that either you know but to get into
that thing even though I
have it think what I think like everyone else Like
everyone like everyone each
one has their opinion regarding a
person another person and such I
always try to maintain some lines of respect
until they break it to me
if you go okay I mean if you take
advantage of a person who is
totally drunk to the point that they are
not aware of the decisions they
make and are not coherent with the
decisions they make and you take advantage
of that situation You're a [ __ ] [ __ ] and
a [ __ ] miserable there's no kind
of doubt That's how it is you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] and
a [ __ ] miserable okay And you're
also committing a crime then
Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay  A quarter past
three I'm going to go I had
more things here but
the truth is I'm leaving we do
n't have any more time you're a premiere
but I'll invite you to the party
please behave
and I was going to talk about
these people's infidelity but
[Music] you
see it on the news I'm going to
ask the editor how it's going if he
sends it to her Oh well look he'll have it right now
that camera is going to die XD this
camera can still hold up for a few
weeks remember what I'm telling you I was going
to see I was going to comment on
this infidelity but well since they're
talking about it on the news well you can see
there I wasn't
going to remember he's got one left Okay so I'm
going to record the lollipop
tasty old man have you seen the IVA clip and
throwing it at gossip channels
Yeah let's see but I'm joking
Kari sent it to me at least they sent it to
you so you could send it to me no yeah yeah but I'm
joking let's see I'll put it
Juanito is going to get cheated on in Italian
Thanks for the super chat but don't do
that  it
looks like a video
doing Parkour and above doing and well
We have a new controversy here today he
ate a tomato trucks My God
guys What madness will have to found it
leave a like comment
of a My God guys What madness will have to
found it leave a like comment
a joke man not cheap either it's
nonsense
this girl who has gone viral Don't look,
their names are trending
right now that these girls at the
time Had a controversy that we were that we
were commenting precisely
here because she kissed Brunenger in a in a
Move at a party
[Music]
mother it was the youtubers' party
my goodness the youtubers' parties
colleagues
and if it's not a joke it scares you no well let's
see I think she was going there she won't
like us very much Well I don't know but the
truth is sometimes she sees us She invites us to
events I do
n't know guys I'm going I have to
record the lollipop before going to
sleep and it's time to start
recording it say no to drugs very well
I like that in the chat tell us about
drugs I'll see you I don't know if tomorrow I
don't know if  Tomorrow no yes tomorrow we'll see each other
Tomorrow most likely we won't see each other Tomorrow most likely we'll see each other Well
tomorrow I'll be alone all afternoon here
at home and everything will probably come to me
here if I don't sit here I'll start to get
interested okay
Thank you all so much for
spending the night with us I send you all a
huge hug
and behave yourself behave yourself okay people
[Music]